(upbeat music)
(dramatic music)
(Nezumi gasps)
Get him! Don't
let, Nezumi escape.
This time we'll
catch him in the act.
We have to get that stolen
jewel back from him now.
Damn thief! I'll capture
him for sure. You know?
I say this Nezumi guy
is extremely clever.
In all his thefts he's
never left any incriminating
evidence behind.
We shouldn't underestimate him.
Yes, exactly.
And that's why the
Leaf Police Force
requested our assistance
in this matter.
[Kotaro] Over there!
Let's go!
Stop!
(men snoring)
What's this?
Where's Nezumi?
I was sure we'd
cornered him this time.
He has to be one of these guys.
Bring 'em all in.
-Yes, sir!
On it.
[Man A] What's the big idea
[Man B] Hey, lemme go!
[Nezumi] What's the deal?
We didn't do anything.
Then I assume you'll
be happy to cooperate
with our investigation.
We believe that a jewel thief
has snuck into this group.
A jewel thief?
What are you talking about?
I don't know anything.
Once we've cleared you,
you'll all be free to go.
But before that happens,
you'll have to be brought
in for questioning.
Take 'em away.
-[Police A] Yes sir.
-[Police B] Yes sir.
All right. On your feet.
[Man B] I didn't do anything!
[Police Man A] Calm down!
All right, all right.
-Quit pushing.
-This is harassment you know?
Nezumi has to be one of those
guys...
so I guess this means we can
say...
"Mission accomplished," right?
I guess so. Yeah.
(cat meows)
(cat meowing)
I wonder if this kitten got lost
and separated from its mom.
Man, it's such a
tiny little thing.
(cat meowing)
This is bad.
Why?
Because, we can't just leave
it out here all by itself.
It seems lost and it
won't stop shaking.
Poor little thing,
but I can't have pets
at our house, so...
What me?
I don't really think I
can take it home tonight.
I mean, I'd have to
ask my mom first.
[Sarada] Well, if you can't
take it and I can't take it,
then we're gonna have to
find somebody else who can.
That means you, Mitsuki.
You think you could take
this little guy home
for the night please?
Okay.
(Sarada laughs)
Great.
Here.
(Mitsuki sighs)
(cat meows)
Hey, excuse me,
but you really shouldn't
be mean to a kitten.
Be mean?
Is that cat you're
holding yours?
Not really.
I'm just taking
care of it tonight.
Oh, I see.
Well, even if that is the case,
please try to be a little
bit gentler with him.
No, I'm not saying
you can't hold a cat
by the nape of its neck,
at least for a while.
But that kitten looks
very frightened to me.
It's better to hold
them in your arms.
(Mitsuki sighs)
I wonder if Mitsuki's
gonna be okay.
I'm sure he'll be fine.
It's just that Mitsuki's
never really handled
anything other than snakes.
I think that maybe you
should have taken the kitten
after all.
Well, if I can just get
Himawari on my side,
I'm pretty sure that my Mom
and Dad will say it's okay...
but until I do that.
I really hope that
Mitsuki's able to take care
of that kitten by himself.
You worry too much, you know
that?
(cat meowing)
(Mitsuki exclaims)
I wonder if it could
be feeling hungry.
(cat meows)
(cat meowing)
(Mitsuki exclaims)
(cat meows)
What? None of them had the
jewel in their possession
when you searched them?
No.
I'm certain that
we chased the thief
right into that alley.
Which means that one of them
simply has to be Nezumi.
Yes. That's what
I believe as well.
However, since we
didn't find the jewel,
there is no evidence,
so we're just going to have
to release all four of them.
So once again, we can't take him
into custody.
Well, I, for one, am not giving
up!
I swear to you we'll get Nezumi!
(indistinct chatter)
Uh, damn.
That was so annoying.
Yeah. That's right.
Getting arrested when we
didn't even do anything,
it's just horrible.
We'll find proof mark my words.
He'll give himself away in time.
For now don't let those
four out of your sites.
-Yes, sir.
(Nezumi chuckles)
You see the news today?
All four of those
guys that we caught
just ended up being released.
They were all searched,
but apparently none of
them had the jewel on them.
Huh, wow.
That's really weird.
It's like a magic trick.
Oh, by the way,
where's the kitten?
It's still at my house.
How'd it go at home, Boruto?
Can you keep it?
Yeah, about that.
Do you think you can
keep it at your place
a little longer Mitsuki?
(Mitsuki exclaims)
(sighs) Lemme guess you can't
keep the cat either, huh?
No, it isn't that.
I just forgot Mom and Himawari
went to visit grandpa yesterday,
so I couldn't ask.
There'll be gone for
two or three days.
Okay. I understand.
Oh, Mitsuki.
Have you given it a name yet?
A name?
Yeah, you should give it a name.
I mean don't you think?
Okay.
I'll think of one.
Are you leaving?
No, I thought I'd
buy a hamburger.
And eat it?
Oh no.
I'm taking it home
for the kitten.
What? No you can't do that!
You can't feed human
food to a kitten.
What?
(suspenseful music)
So tell me, is it a boy or a
girl?
Your cat, I mean.
(Mitsuki exclaims)
(Woman exclaims)
(Mitsuki sighs)
I wonder where it went.
(cat meows)
(Mitsuki exclaims)
(Mitsuki chuckles)
(cat meows)
(cat meowing)
(Mitsuki exclaims)
(cat meows)
Oh, Mitsuki, have you
given it a name yet?
A name?
Yeah, you should give it a name.
Mikazuki.
How about Mikazuki?
Is that a good name?
(cat meows)
All right.
From here on you are Mikazuki.
(cat meows)
(upbeat music)
(cat meowing)
(Mitsuki chuckles)
(cat meows)
You're really quite fickle.
(Mitsuki chuckles)
(cat coughs)
Really? But you
ate so much before.
What's wrong?
Do you not feel
well or something?
(cat sighs)
All right.
Then you oughta be the one
to take care of the cat.
Listen, I'd be
glad to if I could.
It's just not something
that I can do.
My building doesn't
allow us to have pets.
You know, actually
Mitsuki seems to be
doing a pretty good job with it.
Well, whether it's
Mitsuki or you
that gets to keep the kitten.
I'll be fine with it
if I get to dote on it
sometimes,
if you know what I mean.
That means you win either way.
Come to think of it.
Mitsuki's late.
All Right.
Then let's go get him.
(upbeat funky music)
(Mitsuki gasps)
Medicine.
Hello? It seems sick.
Oh, I'm sorry,
but we don't carry any
medicine for animals here.
(Mitsuki exclaims)
(Mitsuki gasps)
A hospital.
I think that it's in pain.
I'm really sorry,
but this isn't a
veterinary hospital,
so I'm afraid we can't
examine your kitty.
(Mitsuki sighs)
Hold on a second, okay?
I'll see if I can find a
vet somewhere close by here.
I thought he had a map.
Oh, here it is.
Okay. I'll give you directions.
[Mitsuki] Great.
First, go out to the main road.
Keep walking and turn left.
And once you turn the corner,
you should see it
right in front of you.
Right. Thank you very much.
(Mitsuki gasps)
Mikazuki.
(Nezumi gasping)
(exclaims) Hold on, wasn't that?
I think...
Boruto!
Is something wrong?
Did you see a man who's
holding a pet carrier
go by this way?
Yeah, he went that
way a second ago.
Hey.
Someone took Mikazuki.
I have to get him back.
(both exclaim)
(Nezumi gasping)
(Nezumi laughs)
(chuckles) Those
guys are so dumb.
(Nezumi laughs)
You're not getting away.
(Nezumi grunts)
-(upbeat rock music)
-Return Mikazuki right now.
Return it?
And why would I ever do that?
This cat is mine.
You're lying!
If that cat were really yours
then you wouldn't be treating
it as roughly as that.
Look, I don't have
time to waste on you.
All right?
Damn it!
Thought so! You were
one of those four guys
we caught.
I should have known it was you.
You won't get away this time.
Now, give Mikazuki back to me.
(Nezumi grunts)
If you want it back so bad,
fine, I'll give it back.
Right after I cut
open it's belly!
(Mitsuki exclaims)
(Nezumi shouts)
It's all right, Mikazuki, okay?
I'll take you to
the hospital, now.
Hey Mitsuki?
(Nezumi groans)
Damn it!
(Nezumi exclaims)
Nezumi! I'm taking
you into custody now.
Where's your evidence?
The kitten!
You made it swallow that
jewel you stole, right?
(Nezumi grunts)
Since your release
we've been keeping
a close eye on you
and you just gave yourself away.
What a terrible thing
for someone to do
to a little kitten.
It's unforgivable.
I leave the kitten
in your hands.
-Right.
[Man] has it been? three weeks?
I remember that.
(Mitsuki gasps)
Mikazuki.
Don't worry this little guy's
gonna be just fine now.
I'd say it should be up
and moving around like
normal by tomorrow.
Thank you so much.
Did I hear you right?
It's name is Mikazuki?
Yes.
So, I guess it was your
cat after all. Huh?
(Mitsuki sighs)
(Sarada giggles)
(soft music)
I'm so glad.
Well, you seem like you're
feeling all better now.
(cat meows)
(Mitsuki exclaims)
(cat meowing)
Mikazuki?
You really are quite fickle.
What? Mikazuki disappeared?
Yes. Its parent came,
and they just left.
Oh, I see.
You think you're
gonna be lonely now?
Lonely?
Well, you really
loved it, didn't you?
Oh, it's fine.
It doesn't bother me.
Mikazuki will be happy
with its parent, right?
(Mitsuki gasps)
(cat meows)
Mikazuki.
(cat meowing)
You came to visit me?
Why don't I keep this door open?
You can visit anytime.
(cat meowing)
You really are quite
fickle, aren't you?
(upbeat music)
Mitsuki, you coming here
on your own is unusual.
I haven't been feeling well.
Has anything unusual happened?
I've been having
a lot of dreams.
Dreams of when I first
saw Boruto's picture.
Next time on Boruto,
Naruto Next Generations.
A wound on the heart.
To find the cause
I'm going to need to
analyze your brain.
(upbeat music)